# [New Release] Shayne Ward Until You Midi Files
 
Shayne Ward is a popular singer from the United Kingdom who rose to fame after winning the second season of The X Factor in 2005. He has released four studio albums and several hit singles, including "No Promises", "Stand By Me" and "That's My Goal".
 
**Download » [https://sormindpestna.blogspot.com/?download=2uIcEA](https://sormindpestna.blogspot.com/?download=2uIcEA)**


 
One of his unreleased songs, "Until You", has been leaked online in the form of midi files. Midi files are digital musical notes that can be played by various software and devices. They can also be edited and customized by users to create their own versions of the song.
 
"Until You" is a romantic ballad that showcases Shayne Ward's powerful vocals and emotional delivery. The song was written by Savan Kotecha, Arnthor Birgisson and Rami Yacoub, who have also worked with artists like Britney Spears, One Direction and Ariana Grande. The song was originally intended for Shayne Ward's third album, Obsession, but it was not included in the final tracklist.
 
If you are a fan of Shayne Ward and want to listen to his unreleased song, you can download the midi files from this link[^3^]. You can also find other midi files of his songs from these links[^1^] [^2^]. You can use any midi player or editor to play and modify the files according to your preferences. Enjoy!

Shayne Ward was born on 16 October 1984 in Tameside, England to Irish parents. He attended St. Peter's RC High School in Manchester and started singing at a young age. He was in a band called Destiny with two women before auditioning for The X Factor in 2005. [^1^] [^2^]
 
He impressed the judges with his powerful voice and charming personality and made it to the live shows as part of Louis Walsh's category. He competed against other talented singers like Andy Abraham, Journey South and Brenda Edwards. He received praise from the judges and the public for his performances of songs like "If You're Not the One", "Somewhere Over the Rainbow" and "Right Here Waiting". He eventually won the competition with 10.8 million votes, beating Andy Abraham by 1.2%. [^1^]
 
His debut single, "That's My Goal", was released on 21 December 2005 and became the Christmas number one in the UK. It sold 313,000 copies on its first day of sales, making it the third-fastest-selling single of all time in the UK. It also topped the charts in Ireland and became one of the best-selling singles of 2005. [^1^] [^3^]

Shayne Ward released his self-titled debut album in April 2006, which topped the charts in both the UK and Ireland. The album contained three singles: "No Promises", a cover of a Bryan Rice song that reached number two in the UK and number one in Ireland; "Stand by Me", a pop ballad that peaked at number 14 in the UK and number nine in Ireland; and "That's My Goal", his X Factor winner's single that became the Christmas number one in 2005. The album was certified platinum in the UK and four times platinum in Ireland. [^1^] [^2^]
 
Shayne Ward Until You Midi Download,  How to Play Shayne Ward Until You on Piano,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Karaoke,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Sheet Music,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Remix,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Cover,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Tutorial,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Instrumental,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Version,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi File Free,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Chords,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Lyrics,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Piano,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Guitar,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Flute,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Violin,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Saxophone,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Trumpet,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Drums,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Bass,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Synth,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Organ,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Harp,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Accordion,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Clarinet,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Cello,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Banjo,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Ukulele,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Harmonica,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Oboe,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Xylophone,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Marimba,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Vibraphone,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Glockenspiel,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Timpani,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Bells,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Choir,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Strings,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Brass,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Woodwinds,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Percussion,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Orchestra,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Rock Band,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Jazz Band,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Pop Band,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi R&B Band,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Country Band,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi Reggae Band,  Shayne Ward Until You Midi EDM Band
 
His second album, Breathless, was released in November 2007 and also achieved commercial success. It debuted at number two in the UK and number one in Ireland, where it became the best-selling album of 2007. It featured four singles: "If That's OK with You", an upbeat pop song that was released as a double A-side with "No U Hang Up", a mid-tempo R&B track; "Breathless", a romantic ballad that became his third Irish number one; and "Damaged", a dark pop song that was only released in Asia. The album was certified platinum in the UK and five times platinum in Ireland. [^1^] [^2^]
 8cf37b1e13
 
